Mad_libs_game.txt

For this project to work, you will need to first participate in the Required Discussion: Mad Libs.  

You will write the code for the main method in the class generated by your IDE to welcome the user to the Mad Libs game and present the user with a menu of choices:

Welcome to My Mad Libs Game! 
What would you like to do?
1. Play game
2. Exit

    If the user selects 1, the main method should create an instance of the MadLibs class and call these methods:
        the words method and the jelly method from Main.javaPreview the document, 
        your own method
         2 additional borrowed methods from the Required Discussion: Mad Libs
    If the user selects 2, nothing should happen and the program will end.
    If the user selects any other number, a message like "Invalid option" should display.

Note: This project can be done with only the two required classes, but you can have more than 2 classes if you'd like.  

Minimum Requirements:

1. This program must contain a total of six (6) methods: main, words, jelly, your own method, two (2) borrowed methods (8 points)

2. The main function welcome the user as describe above and present the user with a choice.  There should be three possible outcomes:

     create an instance of a class and call its methods
    the program will end
    a message like "invalid option" will display

Note: When the user selects option 1, the main method should create an instance of the MadLibs class and call its methods.  The main method should also call your own method and two (2) additional borrowed methods from the required discussion.  Do NOT create more than one instance for a class.  You can optionally have more than one class, but you should create only one instance for a class and use that same instance to call all of its methods. (10 points).

3. Copy and paste the output of your program into a multi-line comment at the bottom of your .java file or paste it into the submission window (2 points)

/*
   This is a multi-line comment in Java
*/

Final Check Before Submitting this Lab:

    You should have these six (6) methods: 
        main
        words (MadLibs class)
        jelly (MadLibs class)
        your own method
        two (2) borrowed methods from the Required Discussion: Mad Libs
    The main method should create only one instance per class and use that instance to call all of that class' methods.  (Only one class is required, but you can have more than one class with only one instance per class)
    Run the program a minimum of 3 times. 
        Once to select option 1.  The program should display four (4) MadLibs sentences (displayed by jelly, your method and the two borrowed methods).
        run it again to select option 2.  The program should end.
        Run it again to select a number other than 1 or 2. A message like "Invalid Option" should display.
    Paste your output into a multi-line comment at the bottom of your .java file or in the submission window.

